a)
	A hairdresser is somebody who cuts your hair.
	A library is a place where you can read or borrow books.
	A campsite is a place where people play in tennis.
	A fridge is something which keep food cold.
	A remote control is something which change TV channels.
	A architect is someone who designs buildings.
	A cinema is a place where you can see a film.
	An art gallery is a place where you can look at paintings. 
	Glasses are things which haelps you to see well.
	A bookshop is a place where you can buy books.
	A girafe is an amimal which has a very long neck.
	A key is something which opens a door.
	A pilot is a person who flies planes.
	A tourist is a person who visits another town or country.
	
a1)
	I need a phone which has a good camera.
	My mum is the only person who remembers my birthday.
	I love the picture which is on your bedroom wall.
	That bus is the one which goes to Trafalgar Square.
	Glastonbury is the place where they have a famous music festival.
	Vermeer is the artist who painted The MilkMaid.
	That's the retaurant whic has the fresh fish.

b)
	Do you know the man who lives next door.
	That's gallery where they had Lthe Leonardo da Vinci exhibition.
	Are your neighbours the people which won the lottery last year?
	Do you know a good restaurant that is open on Sunday nigt.
	Is that rhe bus which goes to the airport?
	What was the name of the shop where you bought your jacket?
	Maria is the wooman that bought my old car.

c)
	The school which my brother goes to has a great football team.
	Yesterday I met wooman who knew my grandfather when he was young.
	I'm reading the book which won the Booker prize this year.
	My sister went to a party in New York where there were a lot of famous people.
	There's a shop in this street where sells bikes.
	I want to buy a car which doesn't use too much petrol.

d)
	1, 2, 3, 5, 6
e)
	I like going on holiday to places that have a lot of drink.
	I don't like whatching films which aren't ineresting.
	I'd like to live in a house which has panoramic windows.
	In general my friends are people who enjoy life.
	